JOB 7:1 Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?
JOB 7:2 As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:
JOB 7:3 So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
JOB 7:4 When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.
JOB 7:5 My flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust; my skin is broken, and become loathsome.
JOB 7:6 My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle, and are spent without hope.
JOB 7:7 O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.
JOB 7:8 The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.
JOB 7:9 As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.
JOB 7:10 He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
JOB 7:11 Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
JOB 7:12 Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?
JOB 7:13 When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;
JOB 7:14 Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:
JOB 7:15 So that my soul chooseth strangling, and death rather than my life.
JOB 7:16 I loathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days are vanity.
JOB 7:17 What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?
JOB 7:18 And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?
JOB 7:19 How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?
JOB 7:20 I have sinned; what shall I do unto thee, O thou preserver of men? why hast thou set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself?
JOB 7:21 And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.
 
 