PHIL 2:1 If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
PHIL 2:2 Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.
PHIL 2:3 Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.
PHIL 2:4 Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.
PHIL 2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
PHIL 2:6 Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
PHIL 2:7 But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
PHIL 2:8 And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.
PHIL 2:9 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:
PHIL 2:10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
PHIL 2:11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
PHIL 2:12 Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.
PHIL 2:13 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.
PHIL 2:14 Do all things without murmurings and disputings:
PHIL 2:15 That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;
PHIL 2:16 Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.
PHIL 2:17 Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.
PHIL 2:18 For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.
PHIL 2:19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.
PHIL 2:20 For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.
PHIL 2:21 For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.
PHIL 2:22 But ye know the proof of him, that, as a son with the father, he hath served with me in the gospel.
PHIL 2:23 Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.
PHIL 2:24 But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.
PHIL 2:25 Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.
PHIL 2:26 For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.
PHIL 2:27 For indeed he was sick nigh unto death: but God had mercy on him; and not on him only, but on me also, lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.
PHIL 2:28 I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
PHIL 2:29 Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:
PHIL 2:30 Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.
 
 